jojooo, jungle princess, i'm baack! 
It's lovely to hear about all the acquaintances you are making. Especially when you wrote about the evening with Sony and her family and how you were all drawing together that sounded absolutely lovely. I think it sounds really blissful how much you got to experience family life and also got glipses of the culture far off from really touristic places.
I was wondering how you two liked the nepalese food (apart from the Momos), are you eating vegetarian only during your travels or are you being experimental? I am very glad you got through your hiking adventure in one piece! Landslides do sound like a quite unpleasant thing to witness. The stories about the hiking really take me back to hiking in the Arequipa Canyon in Peru. I feel your pain, haha! Sending a trazillion of hugs your way, I hope you are doing great!

Greetings from far, far away,
<3 <3 <3

*my dearest beach*
*at first i actually really liked the nepalese food, but when i got dengue i had so many situations where everything smelled like food and i just felt like throwing up right there on the floor and that kind of burnt into my brain. So right now when i think of nepalese food i remember this feeling more than the actual tastieness which is actually kinda sad. We are also eating meat during our travels, i made this decision because i thought if i have this great chance to see the world i should also try as much food as i can. But i still kinda prefer plants. I like plants.*

*Lots of love from the other end of the world <3*